Github is an online, "cloud", location to put your programming work. 
Many programmers share code and work together on projects using github.

You will create one or more "repositories" which will hold your code and other files.
For each repository, you will have a local repository, on your computer, and a cooresponding cloud repository.
Sometimes you will work on your local repository without the cloud and you can save different versions of your code.
After you are done with your program, you can push it to the cloud.
You can also push to the cloud as you work as a safety precaution.
	If your local copy accidentally gets deleted or your computer crashes then you can get your code back.
You will use the github software to keep your local and cloud in-sync.
For example:
	You will specify one of your local directories as a github repository. 
	A local repository will work all by itself, without the cloud.
	A local repository will track your changes. 
	When you have reached a milestone, you can "Commit" your code to the local repository; but it is still only local.
	Commiting your code locally allows you to track your changes, see what changed since last week 
		and to undo changes that you decided are no longer needed. This comes in handy if you break your code
		and want to get back to where you were yesterday or last week!
	After you have reached a bigger milestone, you can "Push" your code to the cloud.
	Your code will be usable by other programmers unless you make your code private.

Another example:
	What if you have lots of repositories in the cloud. Then you get a new computer. 
	It is now easy to get all your code because all you have to do is load the github software, login and download.
	Now you are back in business.


Step 1) Go to github and create a login.

Step 2) Download the Desktop app.

Step 3) Create Repository using the github software. It will ask you to pick a directory on your computer. 
	This is where it will create a new directory which will be the local repository. 
	The repository name you choose will be the folder Github creates on your local computer.

Step 4) Add files to the directory using normal windows explorer, visual studio, etc...
	You can work in this directory like any other directory, it is just a regular windows directory.

Step 5) Commit the files. This saves a version of your files locally. It does not update the cloud.

Step 6) Update the cloud repository. "Push" the files. This will push them up to the github site so they can be seen by anyone.


There are several videos on the github site. As of this writing there is a "features" menu that has some intro videos. 

