Github commit and push

After you have created your repository you can make changes and commit them to your local github database.
Commiting your code is something you will do from time to time as you develop.  This only updates the local github database, not the cloud.
Why commit?  It is nice to be able to regress a file back to an earier version if you change your mind on some code.
	You can also compair 2 different commits for the same file and see the difference. This can help you understand why you changed something.
	
After you have reached a big milestone, you can update your cloud repository. This is called "Pushing".
This process will update your files in the cloud to look like they are locally.

Step 1) Make a change to a file that is already in the cloud in one of your repositories.

Step 2) Commit the change using the github application.  You will see a "Commit to master" button and a textbox to add some summary notes and description.
		You must put a comment for the commit, giving a note to what has changed.
		Add some summary notes about your change, also update the description if you want, and then click "Commit to master".
		
Step 3) Make other changes and commit. Practice changing the files and commiting. 
		View the history for your commits.
		Normally you will commit more often than you "Push" to the cloud.

Step 4) Now that you have made several commits and you are happy with the code, it is time to update the cooresponding cloud repository.
		In the Changes tab in the github app, you will see all files that have changed since your last commit.
		If you click on one of them, you will see the changes. 
				The negative sign "-" that is red highlight means is the "before" version of the file.
				The plus sign "+" in green is new lines or the new data on a line, "after" version.
				Also notice the numbers on the left that show the line numbers for "before and after".
				Lines that have not changed do not have a color.
		Check the ones you want updated on the cloud and click from the menu "Repository" and then "Push".
		
		
		