For the atheist
	Perfect Universe
		As of 2018 the Nobel prize winning physicist say they have 
		discovered that if the universe was bigger or smaller by very tiny amount there would 
		be no planets, stars, solar systems or galaxies. They now use Multi-Verse theory, which
		they have no physical evidence for, to explain the improbability of this universe.
		I'm not saying their numbers are right, but they think their are correct yet God is 
		not allowed to be an explanation.
		
		Bible - Romans 1:20 For his invisible attributes, namely, his eternal power and divine nature, have 
		been clearly perceived, ever since the creation of the world, in the things that have been 
		made. So they are without excuse.

	No Free Will
		Einstein - “Human beings in their thinking, feeling and acting are not free but are as 
			causally bound as the stars in their motions.”
		Why did he say this? If we think it through, if there is no God, Heaven or spirit then there
		is only the physical. In science a thought is a electrical/chemical set of reactions all 
		of which obey the laws of physic. In physics every action is dictated by the previous moment's 
		variables. A molecule does not decide to bounce over here or there; it has to move where the laws
		of physics tell it to go.
		Some scientist hope that quanta observation might allow some influence somehow, but again free-will
		experiments contract this hope. Maybe I can determine the weather tomorrow by staring at a cloud.
		Like multi-verse, living on hope.
		


This document is my notes on Romans.

Romans - Faith and the Law

Disclaimer
	If anyone reads this beyond myself, realize I am not a bible scholar.
	I like to list things a fact, but this document will have many opinions.
	In my opinion, I think understanding the mind of God, how he sees time, problems, 
		solutions and level of judgment and love is not completely possible. 
			Example, a moth tries to fly toward the moon, drawn to the light, and 
			eventually stops and rests on a Saturn 5 rocket. Can the moth ask a 
			question to understand? It doesn't even know what a question is.		
		
		John 3:19 "And this is the judgment: the light has come into the world, and people 
				loved the darkness rather than the light because their works were evil.		
			
		Isaiah 55:8 "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways," declares the LORD.

		John 15:12-13 My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. Greater love has no one 
				than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends."  
			
		Mathew 5:6 "Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied."

Overview	
	These are very high level notes for my own study. 
	Watching several ministers over time cover the law and faith I have heard the following
	position. This document is list of my opinions, thoughts and command as I read Romans in the context
	of looking for the position given below. 
		

	

Position: Does this hold true in Romans?

	law gives right and wrong
	laws were given to make it clear that we can't do what we are told - to reveal our sin
		shows us our sin nature, because we can't follow simple rules
		What rules did God give? Rules to identify God's People from everyone else.
		
		
	DTS: works of the law vs law of faith
		Meaning, if there is a law to keep, it is faith.
	

Ch 1)

Obedience of faith - for the sake of his name among the nations (you are being identified
	as a follower of the one true God)
	However, ch1 covers laws of right and wrong. Those are what are being used to identify.


Those without the law, have a conscience which is there law. It will condemn them.

"Man's Righteousness" - is being good
"God's Righteousness" - is God's nature, his standard, his goodness
	- For us, "God's Righteousness", or God's righteous plan for us, is Jesus on the cross and resurrection 

ch 2)

The law shows right and wrong.

The law culturally identifies the Jews as followers of the one true God. (circumcision)
	note this is connected back in ch 1 "for the sake of his name among the nations"
	
--------------

Does God's kindness, forbearance and patience toward our sin take away judgment? 
	No, His kindness is so we will repent; not so we can sin.
	
	
	
ch 3) 

unfaithful - not faith
	relates to the obedience of faith
	
through the law comes knowledge of sin

we get/achieve God's standard of righteousness by faith in Christ "to be received by faith"

Passover - God passed over former sins, because of His Divine forbearance. 
	Why? So He can be just and the justifier by way of Jesus.
	
Our boasting is excluded. by faith

works and the law - 

This faith does not overthrow the law, it upholds the law.
	Why? Upholding the law gives us righteousness.
		Next ch, Abraham was credited the "Upholding the law" righteousness by believing God. (faith)
		

working here....
	

	
	


	



