Tasks for this Step:
	Create a program that uses a map.

Videos - https://youtu.be/POYRev0zk2k
	- https://youtu.be/5bLNPFlEfqM
	
Overview
	Map - Also known as associative container list. You associate a key with a value.
	A map, like a vector, is a list container; however, a map works differently than a vector.
	
	Key and value datatypes
		The key can be any datatype. 
		The value can be any datatype.

	std:map is a list container like vector, but you can get at an element using a key instead of looping through the list. 

	std:map is a template that takes two data types. 
		The first is the key and the second is the "value".
		DO NOT think of the word "value" like you do for a variable's value. When they say "value" they just mean
			the variable that is "associated" with the key.
		The "key" is how you get to the "value" variable.
		The value is really just the object/variable value you are storing at that key.

	Since the key is how you get to the value, it is unique in the map. 
		Meaning, it is not possible for you to have duplicate keys.

	Notice how you can add an element to the map on the fly. Just give it a new key and assign it a value.	

	Definition Iterator:
		One definition of an iterator: it is a pointer to the key/value pair.
	
	You can use itrators with maps, vectors, linked lists, and other types of list containers.



----------------------
Lessons

Create a directory according to the structure specified in the course.
Place the lessons below in their own sub-directory naming it the lesson name.



------------------------------
CppMappLesson1MapOfPeople

Create a console program.
Create a person class with some basic properties and functions.
Create a map where the key is a string and the value is a person.
The key will be the person's email. You can also have another email as one of the properties in the person class.

Allow a user to add, insert and remove elements from the map. Ask the user for this information.
	Do not use the iterator as shown in the video for this part.
	Do not use the "insert" function to add elements to the map.


At the end of the program, use the iterator to loop through the map.





